Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, when a user clicks on this product, we are gonna take the user back to the detail page of that
product.
And as well, users are going to be able to click on this plus icon in order to increment the upper
depths.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VSC code and then the cart item screen.
Now we're going to use Control and B to make this way.
First of all, we're going to make this clickable.
So to do that, all this container to wrap it with a button so I light and then use control and dot.
Now, since we don't have that widget every year, we can then go for the drop widget and it's going
to be a type of.
Just a picture.
Okay.
And as you know, the guest editor has a property known as on tap.
Now we're going to use this we should said before we could just say navigator dot.
Push, push name.
You can seize it as well.
Take the contest.
Okay.
For the roots name.
This is going to be detail.
Page.
Does it.
Okay.
Now we are also going to pass the product IDs.
What we can do since we don't have it, we can then created the value.
Then I say, fine, it's going to be a type of string and products.
I'd.
Okay.
For the I.D. so we can then see arguments.
I think you've seen this before, right?
It says that we products.
And so I think we also need to pass it on to the constructor.
So alight and use contracted out.
Then go for the create constructor for final fields.
And you can then make it required.
Okay.
Alright.
Yeah.
I think we need this.
Okay.
Great.
And I use contra and necessary this way.
There are going to be having some errors because we made this required.
Right.
Now, let's add up to the key.
You can see.
It was that field.
Okay, so there's going to be products ID and it's going to be on the scorecards provider that gets
carts item that values COVAXIN.
It's a list.
Then.
This is going to be intense.
Right.
Okay.
I think.
He's going to be sorry.
That's Keys just to get rid of this.
That's keys.
Okay, that's two lists.
And then Indians.
Okay, great.
There is culture.
And that's to save.
And then.
Click on this.
Okay.
Great.
Now the next thing we're going to do is when a user clicks on this pulse icon, we are going to be able
to increment the counts.
Okay.
Not to do this, we're going to go back to the cards, items, screen cards, item.
And they're going to look for the plus icon, right?
Okay.
Digital via.
So what we're going to do is we're going to call that COTS provider.
Think about it.
Okay.
We need to party, right?
You're going to have access to this.
We already created it already.
We're going to need to have access to this at Scots right away.
We are simply saying if we have not added that item, then we just want to had it.
Okay.
You're going to see this fully again in in this lecture.
So, first of all, you're going to need to have access to this.
Lots of products and products of.
That's right.
Okay.
So I'm going to go back to the.
Cuts.
I can.
Cause I can just control.
So.
Is controlled by Dan Rather.
I want to say find out the scorecards for.
VIDA is going to provide a dearth of contests.
And it's going to be cards provider rights.
Okay.
Now, over here.
Over here.
You're going to see all of this car.
So on the scorecards provider.
Dot.
Hard products.
So cuts.
Okay.
You can see it automatically past the product I.D. so now there's is going to be.
On the score card.
Provider Dot.
Okay sorry is going to be on the scorecards.
Attributes rights cards.
Attribute.
Dutch fries.
Okay.
I think we need a calmer.
It is going to be on his cards.
Attribute.
But.
Tied to.
Okay.
And he's going to be on the scorecards.
Attribute.
Actually, but not immeasurable.
Okay.
Sorry.
In this.
Okay.
I think we need this.
Now is contrary.
An excessive.
Okay.
Now.
Click on this.
Okay.
You can see.
Right.
Okay.
Is walking is simply called in the.
Is calling this over here.
Is calling the.
Elsa Potts.
Right.
Since we already have that project's cats already.
So.
So it is calling this product.
It is calling this metal.
That is if what's right, sis already have it in cards.
So I simply objects in it.
Right.
And although it is going to hide it if it has not been had that before.
So it is not really coming to the house, but.
Dear if what's right.
Okay.
You're going to see this whole year again in the next lecture.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.